SCRATCHES INCREDIBLY EASILY
24 April 2019
This product should only be bought in a stainless steel version!!!! ALL other versions will scratch will general wear and tear. 

D Card compatibility
14 January 2019
Had to send two of these make as the SD card were incompatible. Tried several sizes and brands, old and new.

FINGER PRINT SCANNER NOT WORKING
14 March 2019
This phone for the money is lovely,it feels good in the hand the screen is great and the software is android one,(vanilla android)The phone is fast with no lag or stutters,exactly what i was looking for,and for the price you cant really go wrong.
The major issue was the finger print scanner was not working.I updated the firmware and still nothing.A quick search on the internet and this is a common problem with Xiaomi phones.Such a shame as the phone for me would have been perfect.

Disappointed
18 December 2018
Doesn't seem to be user friendly, if I get a call while using another app although the phone rings I am unable to accept the call.
Lot of small design faults,
Although this phone has more memory, better camera and a faster system than my last phone a Samsung S5, the S5 was a much better phone to use. 

Micro SD hardware Fail (and on replacement)
8 January 2019
I was really liking this phone, but it wouldn't see (mount) any micro SD I placed in it. Tried different cards in different formats. Bought a brand new 32gB (U3) Class 10 phone still not seeing it. Amazon have very quickly sent a replacement, no complaints there but I will have to send both phones back because the new one has exactly the same (sweary word) issue. Pretty sure I am not doing anything wrong. If you dont want to use an SD card them I would highly recommend it otherwise. 

Very poor screen, flickers uncontrollably.
20 February 2019
The battery life I have never had a problem with. The value for money is okay but the screen quality is very low with it flickering very rapidly for no five reason. I’d like to return this item due to this major downfall. 

Received a G6 (H870) in a G7 package.
10 November 2018
As you should be able to see from the photo, the packaging was from a LG G7 model. When it arrived, the seal wasn't even broken seal, yet once I opened it, the first thing I noticed was that the color was wrong - I had ordered a black phone, the packaging reads the phone is black, but this one is platinum gray. No worries though, because I happen to like platinum gray.
However, when I tried to turn it on, I couldn't find the power button on the side of the phone, which was weird, because LG had brought the power button back for the G7 series. I turned the phone around and lo and behold, a small sign in a friendly font reading "G6". Once I powered on the phone it said "LG G6 Thinq" (which is sort of legitimate, because LG tried rebranding G6 phones after the Thinq moniker entered the market). I'm going to send this back to Amazon for a refund.
My advice to potential buyers is to have a camera ready and film the unboxing, in case they happen to become a victim of this malpractice as well. 

Wrong plug
27 March 2019
This product arrived this morning: well packed, looked great, very sleek and shiny, but unfortunately the plug that came in the box is a two-pin European plug, so doesn't work here in the UK without an adaptor.
Could be the best phone in the world, but as I can't plug it in to charge it, I have no idea.
Sadly now sending it back...

TERRIBLE customer service. Do NOT buy
7 November 2018
LG customer service is atrocious. If you end up needing to repair or return, you are in for a world of pain.

Not impressed. Probably won’t use it.
27 April 2019
I’ve wanted a kindle for a couple of years after buying one for a family member. I purchased this newer model after reading Amazon’s own spec and feature list. After setting up the kindle the battery has been draining excessively fast. It’s dropped from 100% to 84% in an hour or so, most of which the kindle was in sleep mode. The screen is quite pixelated and I’ve had issues with the screen not responding.

What a nightmare!
30 April 2019
Purchase
The most annoying item I have ordered. It just would not switch off and stay off. Not sleep mode just properly OFF! Too busy with pop up books ‘I might like’ and just not impressed.

Why no colour?
27 April 2019
It’s only black and white. I like to see my book fronts in colour. Harder to get around. Laid out differently from my kindle fire.

nice device, good size to read from and hold 1 handed but battery life is not as advertised.
15 April 2019
dropped to two Stars because of the terrible attitude of amazon staff, when dealing with their own brand devices.
First of all, the device itself is a nice enough form factor, light and easy to hold. Screen glare isn't a problem and it's easy to read from (easily change font and font-size it even includes an open source font for dyslexia which is a nice touch. It came logged in to my amazon account already, which again was a nice time saving touch! When I got the device I put it on charge immediately looking forward to catching up on some much needed reading. As expected It charged up quite quickly. This is where the fun ended however....
The advertised "weeks of reading time" is not very accurate. After just 24hrs (about 4-5 hours of reading) the device was at 52% battery, amazon support were brash and very unhelpful on the matter and worse still I've been unable to actually talk to anyone about the problem!
As expected, some activities eg browsing the kindle store, or uploading books and having them indexed will increase battery usage, BUT when the device is idle the battery falls at an alarming rate. I can't see how there are "weeks of reading time" on this device. The customer services were next to useless it's taken me several emails and online chats to finally be offered a replacement rather than just asking "what software version" and "have you reset the device" I'm bemused at attitude of amazon over this to be quite honest.
I'll update the review once I've tested the replacement device to see if the battery issues still exist. 

Don't buy, screen is too fragile.
5 August 2018
Works fantastically well but the screen is ridiculously fragile. Mine lasted a week. It fell from a height of less than a foot but hit end on where the plastic protective cover does not go and then shattered. It was broken before the protective case I ordered had even arrived. If you look online, you will find plenty of others who have had the same problem. It is such a shame as it worked so fast and well I was really pleased with it.
Update Oct./2018. Had screen replaced for £80. Protected with Airglass and in protective wallet. It hasn't helped screen has gone again. Two screens in two months. I'm not going to repair it this time. I'll have to bite the bullet and buy a phone with up-to-date Gorilla glass. Honestly, I've had wine glasses which are less fragile. 

Great phone but there is discoloration on the screen.
4 June 2018
Great phone but there is discoloration on the screen.

Poor adhesive, easily cracks.
3 January 2019
I've had to use two of these in the last month. Both applications the adhesive didn't stick the panel well to the edge, meaning there was an air gap all the way around. Both cracked or chipped on minor drops. not worth the time or money.

These solid protectors aren't suitable for the Mi A2 Lite.
22 December 2018
These 'glass' protectors did arrive quickly and do come with wet and dry cloths for preparation, and they really are very easy to fit. They seem to be a quality product.
Except they aren't flexible and the Mi A2 Lite is curved at the edges, so the protector doesn't stick right to the edges. This leaves about a 1mm of overlap. This is very visible. On the plus side, removal is easy too!

Tempered glass cracked within 2 days
9 March 2019
I purchased this tempered glass and a separate cover for my phone. Within two days, the tempered glass had a number of large cracks despite the fact that I had been very careful with the phone and did not drop it. As per the other reviews, the glass does not stick properly around the edges of the screen. I will look for a better alternative.

Very fragile
11 January 2019
These are a complete waste of money, they don't fit the screen properly and and get shattered after 5 minutes in the pocket. Do not recommend.

Item not as described in picture
27 November 2018
Picture shows Fortnite download addition, but you actually just get the standard item. 

Gone wrong so soon
15 February 2019
Platform for Display: Neon Red/BlueEdition: Console Verified Purchase
Developed controller drift after 6 months and Nintendo apparently only offers a guarantee for 40 days!
This tells you all you need to know about the poor quality of the product and how soon they expect it to stop working properly.

Lasted 2 months!!!
2 March 2019
Bought as a Christmas gift and the kids LOVE IT!!! HOWEVER it has only lasted 2 months and is now not charging at all!!! If I had bought it from a store it would of been a straight exchange as it is clearly damaged goods However as it was bought through Amazon all I can get is a referral to Nintendo.co.uk to send it away for repair. FRUSTRATING!! 

There wasn’t hot water and therefore we couldn’t have a shower for all the four days. 
There was no WiFi (even if on the website it says there was). 
The shared bathroom was very bad and dirty. In the four days we spent there, nobody  never cleaned it.
We had water from the fridge and sink flowing on the floor, and even if the owner(his name I think is John Simpson) said he would have fix it on the second day, this never happened. 
Since conditions were so bad, I asked for a refund or at least to have another room. But after keeping calling him (he often refused calls or said he would call back but never did) none of my requests were satisfied. 
I really never had such a bad experience and I think booking.com should do more to avoid these places to be advertised on the web site.
I feel personally cheated by both Hostel7 and booking.com.

Everything! Dirty towels, dirty carpet, dirty everywhere. No reception,
no one to greet us. In a different building to previewed at a 25 min
walk! No upgrade for the 2nd night, even though I paid extra! It was
terrible!!! I never even met the owner. It wasn't even in the
building I reserved! I had to walk 25mins extra to a random house in a
random street, take a key out of a box and let myself in. The hall
carpet was very old and dirty and there was already someone staying in
the room that I was told to go to! There was another room which we ended
up staying in. The lights didn't work, there was only one towel and
one hand towel on the bed and they were stained and one was not even
rolled or folded and looked used! There was building work opposite and
it sounded like they was coming through our wall at 8am!! This was the
worst hotel experience of my life!!

Everything did not work in the room! Nobody answered and helped with the
problems. We had not hot water, the kitchen's sink was broke, no
washing machine and they had said they gave us a wrong room and did not
change it until we leave.

Absolutely filthy (pics attached). Tried being in contact for days with
no answer of phone, or reply to my emails. Shuttle service outrageously
priced. Booked private room, but got a room with 3 other beds in it,
luckily they didn't get booked but we were told "tough
luck" if it did. Found a knife in the room hidden under the
dresser, almost cut myself as it was tucked in (and was reaching for my
socks that had fallen under dresser). Mini fridge was full of mold and
smelled foul and the staff has done nothing to help us. Felt very unsafe
in this building.

The accommodation was very poor not clean and dilapidated. The fridge freezer was in the bedroom and to get sleep had to be turned off. There was also a lot of noise from the taxi office below and outside in the street linked to the taxi office.

Property is terrible. Very dirty. Awful place, very loudy for a whole night. You feel like You live with someone else.

Absolutely disgusting
There is nothing good about this apartment what so ever!
On arrival the stairs up to accommodation were ridiculously steep and narrow to the point I’d say they were dangerous. The apartment was absolutely filthy with holes in the walls and doors, sockets hanging off the walls. We were kept awake throughout the night by the inconsiderate people in the accommodation below drilling and banging from 12:30am to 4:20am and then thought it was acceptable to then start again at 5:45am! I can honestly say this is the worst place I have ever stayed in!

Heavily stained carpet, no elevator (2nd floor in Europe means 3rd floor), no air-conditioning (except in the manager's office, nice and cool there) minimal rooms, fixtures, bathroom floor tiles moving, windows un-operable.

The three flights of stairs, were a bit too much, as we were pensioners, we had asked for a lower ground and were offered on our arrival a basement room, but my partner said it had a musty smell and very chlostrophobic, as when you looked out the window, you faced a brick wall.
The bed was also very shaky and although we asked for it to be repaired or changed to another room that didn't happen.

We were right next to the road and the windows let through all of the street noise even though they were closed. The street is very busy and traffic very loud so it took us a long time to fall asleep. We were frequently woken by motor bikes tearing down the street. The single bed was so narrow I nearly fell out of it several times during the night. All in all a bad night's sleep.

On a very first day I accidentally dropped this phone. I was sitting on a floor when I dropped it on a laminate floor. The distance between my hands and floor was probably between two and three feet. A back side of the phone got severely shattered just like a Christmas toy (see picture). To be fair, I did not have protective screen or case on the phone, but none of my previous phones had any cases either and they definitely took some beating throughout years of usage. Compared to any other phone manufacturers, I would have to say this is a major flaw in choice of material by Huawei for an item that is expected to be used on a daily basis. Read other reviews on Amazon, specifically addressing the material of the case.

Alright. I'm going to give it to you straight. I did not like the service (From Huawei, Amazon did pretty good in giving me a refund). I bought the phone it had a delivery date. Didn't show up on delivery date and delivery date moved to another date (at least 3 days) didn't arrive on that either. Filed a refund and well I got it. Reordered the same phone. Came next day. I got it and tried setting it up. Then when it booted up the logo would appear the screen would dim to Black and the logo would appear again. Did this a couple of time until I tried hard resetting, I factory reset it. IT DID NOT WORK AT ALL. I sent it back and got a refund. From Amazon not from Huawei. I reordered it again. And as of right now same situation. It felt like they just resent the same broken phone twice. I honestly got nothing else to say besides avoid trying to buy the phone. If you do that's fine, if it doesn't work send it back and get a refund from Amazon. Also make sure the phone is new (mine was supposedly new, felt like a cheap old broken one). If you never get the phone get an Amazon associate to mark it as lost and get a refund. IDK why I had this many problems for a defective product? But I did and now y'all know. Try it out is all I can say but just be cautious. I tried the phone again today Nov,5th 2018 and I thought I got the problem figured but I guess I was wrong. It kept rebooting and wouldn't stop. Currently sending the note to get another refund.

I've been a long time Zenbook fan and have owned two Zenbooks over the last several years. These older units were really nice for the day. They had a beautiful aluminum case and were super thin. Battery life was descent.
The one thing that I always hated was the charging port. The connection was always lose and prone to falling out or being bumped and damaged. I had assumed that Asus would have fixed this issue. Well I was horrified to find out the same old crappy charging port was still being used. My last Zenbook had a backlit keyboard which was amazing when I was in a dark room and wanted to type. I was disappointed to find out that Asus chose not use back lighting on the keyboard. I asked before it was purchased and was told by one person, from the company, it did have it and another person said no. I figured I would wait and see. I went into the Microsoft store and put a similar Asus next to the Matebook pro. The Asus was dim in comparison and colors were not saturated. The screen lacked contrast and had glare. The Zenbook being sold here seemed to have the same screen but with a smaller bezel. The Matebook was so much better. However, for re-sale I knew the Asus was the way to go. I didn't use it for more than 5 minutes once I saw these deficiencies. Honestly, I think Asus is under a lot of pressure to get a Zenbook to market for under 1k. I got a flash sale and bought it for 738 with tax which is a good price. The Matebook is way more. In conclusion,not having a back lit keyboard and the charging port were deal breakers for me.

This cable looked great and worked great, right up until the point it tried to burn my house down. I noticed my iPhone was getting a bit warm where the cable connects to the lightning jack. So I unplugged it thinking it was just a glitch in the iphone’s charging system. I left the cable on the floor.
When I came from work 8 hours later, I found the melted blob pictured. I have no doubt that if I had left the cable on a flammable surface it would have started a fire.
If you have these cables, do not leave them plugged in unattended.

Was great. Then it wasn't. 3 months later, it stopped charging. No kinks, no tears. Still in mint condition, but won't charge. I have original apple cords that are fraying that I've taped up with electrical tape that still work 2 years later.
So frustrated with these cords. I thought if I spent more it would last longer. Bought 2 and both are broken. Maybe if I collect enough of them I can macrame a plant hanger with them.

I ordered this because the info indicated that this is an Apple Certified product. After 2 weeks of intermittent use (on a table in my living room) I got the dreaded “this accessory may not be supported” pop up. No worries... ish happens and I requested a replacement. Received that today and I am getting the same pop up with the new cable. No other cable (both Apple and certified products) are doing this. Add to this the fact that now I can only get an Amazon gift card as a refund.

Buyers beware! I had this cable for 5 days, last night phone was plugged in and I started to smell something like a burning plastic smell. I went to unplug the phone and the cable was EXTREMLY hot , hot enough to burn your hand when touching. When I went to unplug the cable from the phone I also received a shock from the end of the cable. Not suppose to happen!!

I needed a new lighting cord, especially a longer one, so I bought this one in thoughts that the Nylon will make it last longer since that's the idea with nylon braided cables. At first sight and opening the package, it was seemed like it was good quality and it seemed like it was going to be promising but it actually doesn't work. I've plugged it into my charging block which came with my iPad and left it for an hour and when it was time to get up and go, I realized it only charged a couple percentages. Not too long after, it wouldn't even charge, nor would my phone even recognize that it was plugged in. I've used the regular iPhone charging block and nothing happened. I had to go back to using my old frayed cable for the mean time. I guess I just received a defective one?

I was very pleased with the quality of the product as I received it. But after about one week of charging it became intermittent for a couple of days and then stopped working. I think it is important to point out that this cord is in one location, I sit my phone on a table surface and let it charge all night. So no moving, no using it while connected or such. I also am not the type of person that unplugs it by pulling on the cored or such. This just proved to me that their cord was either defective as received or poor quality (or maybe a combo of both). Now it is much cheaper than an APPLE cord, but I would expect more. Wish it would have done better....I had high hopes being an Amazon product!

I am very disappointed with this purchase. I bought Amazon Basics chargers for each of my family members in December and in March several of the chargers have stopped working are not recognized by any of our numerous Apple devices. It's not an overuse issue as the one charger just sits in my office at work rarely used.

I've bought a few of these and each one is terrible. The problem is that they don't attach securely. Looking at them it is not possible for me to see the difference, but it's there and I regret buying them at any price. I have a few Anker cables and those are much better.

If you're like me, despite your best efforts, your iphone charger probably just broke. Again if you're like me, you probably handled it with what any reasonable person would call care, and yet somehow, it's managed to be frayed beyond recognition and finally gave out a few hours ago.
So now you're on the search for something stronger, you think to yourself you want to buy a better cable this time, not and not just something a little better, you want something MUCH STRONGER, it needs to be made out of metal and braided nylon so strong you could walk on it like a tightrope in your spare time!
Well that iPhone cable doesn't exist, but you found this one, and it looks pretty darn strong. I agree, it's even got the little molded plastic pieces leading up near the end, that if you've done your research you'll know are a sign of grade-A cable design, and hey, it's got the amazon brand on it, so it must be good!
Well I'm writing to say, not so fast. You see while this cable seems in every way to be great from a mechanical perspective, something doesn't hold up internally. About three weeks after buying this, mine still looks good enough to put in a museum, but one side of it quit charging my phone yesterday, and now the other causes the screen to flash on and off about 100 times a second. It's a great idea, I love the feeling and build quality, but on the inside it's just not as durable as the other amazon basics cables, or for that matter, even the original apple ones.

This thing is loud. Almost sounds like an old school theater projector with a film reel. Might be a bad unit, trying to return, haven’t been able to get an answer back from the dealer. Picture looks amazing but I’m not going to be watching a quiet movie and hear this thin the entire time. I’ll update my review if I get an answer on how quiet it’s supposed to be.
Update: Called Sony, unit should not be making these noises. They also stated that people have been using scrap parts to make frankenstien projectors and sell them online. They checked my serial and it wasn’t flagged in their system so that’s a good start? They did mention Hatchfield is not an authorized Sony reseller. Waiting to hear back still no response.
Update 2: Finally returned the old unit to the unauthorized seller. As much of a hassle that was, Amazon was top notch in helping me. Ordering an authorized unit from Amazon as soon as the bank clears. Hopefully my next update will be how amazing this thing is. Cannot stress enough, DO NOT BUY FROM UNAUTHORIZED SELLERS.
