Sleek bottle that keeps drink hot/cold well
12 April 2019
I bought the new logo 750ml stainless steel finish bottle, wanting something I could use for a reusable water bottle when it comes to adventure time, replacing an old 1L Sigg canteen. Chilly's 750ml is a good size, and the effectiveness of its dual-wall design is pretty decent. It kept my morning cold tap water suitably chilled all day, even with regular opening. I tested it with hot water and it did a good job, still steaming hot ~4 hours later.
One thing I would note with hot liquid is that while the body of the bottle stayed cool, the lid did get somewhat warm (though never hot). I imagine you'd be hard pressed to get a bottle with this kind of slick design and infallible thermal characteristics, particularly at the decent price this Chilly's bottle is sold for!
Note for Chilly's - if you're reading this, to be honest I preferred your old logo! Perhaps without the text in the middle, but from a design standpoint I think it looked better! Perhaps logo v3 can be something between the two...

Keeps drinks ice cold for ages
15 April 2019
Does exactly what it says it does - keeps my squash perfectly cold. Love the design - Iris. Decided to go for the 750ml and glad I did as much smaller and I would have been frustrated with having to refill it all the time. A bit big to carry in handbag but in my laptop rucksack it’s perfect. Love it and would recommend.

Exactly what I wanted
15 April 2019
Great bottle, it doesn’t leak, looks stylish and I can confirm that the water stays freezing cold all day/night which is what I wanted! I use a water bottle every day so this was a perfect investment for me. It’s a heavy bottle to start with before you fill it but not so heavy that it’s no good in a bag. The only thing I was disappointed about is that it won’t fit in the bottle holder on the side of my fjallraven kanken backpack but it fits inside the bag itself so I decided to still give it 5 stars.

Excellent Phone
6 November 2018
Bought in trepidation - first Xiaomi after years of various Moto G models. The A2 Lite is a good looking phone, nice fit in the hand, good size for pockets. Screen clear and readable, battery life excellent. Main camera is perfectly acceptable, selfie camera (criticised by others) unused by me. Memory excellent at 4GB/64GB, giving quick and non laggy performance and plenty of storage. I love the "true" double SIM capacity - 3 slots, 2 for SIMs, one for micro SD, unlike other phones where one slot can only be used by either SIM 2 or a micro SD. Standard headphone jack is great and I'm not fussed about the lack of micro USB C. I paid £180 for this phone and it's bargainalicious in comparison to my immediately previous Moto G5 3GB/16GB at £150 in 2017. The Xiaomi beats it hands down in all areas. My only real dislike is the use of a pop out SIM tray rather than an in - phone slot as I find trays fiddly and a bit suspect for longevity if used too often. It's a minor gripe however - this is a lovely budget phone.

Very Cool Phone
30 October 2018
Lovely little phone for the money. Good build quality. The gold colour is nicer than how it’s displayed in the product pictures - in reality it has more of a peachy tint than a yellow one. Dimensions are almost identical to an iPhone X, but it’s a bit thicker and slightly heavier in the hand, which I personally prefer. It’s snappy enough with most tasks, and you shouldn’t run into much trouble unless maybe you’re a big ‘mobile gamer’.
The cameras are quite bad, colours are natural enough but clarity is lacking. I’m not a big enough user of my phone camera to drop it down a point for that, but it’s something to note if you’re buying this phone with the intention of taking lots of picture.
The battery life is incredible. Easily makes it through a day and then some. It was one of the main reasons I bought this phone - decent power and a large battery in a relatively small form-factor. Despite that small form factor it packs in a few nice features like an IR blaster and 3.5mm jack. Speaker has decent volume and clarity too.
All in all, this phone isn’t a flagship or a ‘flagship killer’, if you want one of those for under £200 you’ll be looking for the rest of your life, but it is a very solid phone. If you’re a mildly intensive user or below that then you really can’t go wrong with a Mi A2 Lite, it’ll do mostly everything you could ask it to.
If you care more about performance while preferring the notch-less design at the sacrifice of a good chunk of battery life, you could go with the non-lite version.

Excellent phone considering the price
30 October 2018
This phone really did exceed my expectations. Despite reading positive reviews, I still expected it to turn up and have a few sub-par features simply based on the price.
As it turns out the phone is excellent. Camera is really high quality in both photographs and videos. Screen quality is excellent, battery lasts 2-3 days depending on usage. All apps open and run smoothly. Phone still has headphone port and SD card slot which are both massive positives.
The only drawback I have seen so far is that the fingerprint scanner can be temperamental. However I am regularly wearing my fingertips down through rock climbing so this could be a factor.
I am genuinely recommending this phone to anybody who wants a cheap android that performs wayyyyy beyond it's price range.

What a phone!!! Great spec, excellent build quality.
3 January 2019
I did a lot of homework and watched a lot of review videos on YouTube before taking the plunge and buying the Xiaomi Mi A2 Lite. I was entering the unknown as a I had never owned a Xiaomi phone before and I can tell you now that I definitely made the right choice.
64gb memory, 4gb ROM and 4000mah battery all for under £200 - Madness! The colour definition on the screen is excellent and it runs so effortlessly and smooth. Another thing worth noting is that the A2 Lite runs on Android One which is a cleaner Android operating system.
Another factor for me when deciding to purchase the phone was because of the expandable memory. It already packs a 64gb memory but you can add a micro SD card up to 256gb, essentially making the phone 320gb!
The headphone jack is also very useful as I use my phone as a music player. I know that quite a few new models on the market have done away with the headphone jack, so I'm glad Xiaomi have decided to include one with the A2 Lite.
I really can't think of many downsides to this phone. Maybe the camera could be a little better? Don't get me wrong, it's still an excellent quality camera, but I have seen better. The phone charging cable isn't very long either.
All in all the A2 Lite is excellent. Just look at the specs and the price. This phone will outclass many more expensive phones on the market.

Excellent value mobile
13 November 2018
Replaced my company mobile with this. For the price this has to be one of the best mobiles I have had. Full of features, unbelievable battery life and quick. I can use all day for work and only drop 20% battery life. My old work phone (it was only 9 months old) was an HTC and I had to plug it in in the afternoon. I have a iPhone X as my private mobile and I actually think this is better!

Great budget phone
30 November 2018
My children buy expensive phones and are devastated when they break (which they do regularly). This was a bargain on Black Friday and has everything I need. Screen colour is great and fingerprint scanner has worked every time so far. Wifi on it is fast and cell reception so far has been good. Music sounds OK when plugged into a speaker or headphones. Camera is decent in good light, the colours are good; some photos are a little soft but, conversely, others are pin sharp. Just keep snapping! I'm happy with Android one, I'm not bothered about having lots of customisation options; I prefer to have no bloatware and choose my own apps rather than have them included by the manufacturer. Only one annoying issue, the charging cable is too short, although a full charge in 2 hours is much faster than my last phone. For the price, you can't go wrong.

The reviews you read online are true. Great Phone, Great Battery.
5 February 2019
I have now got fed up with questions that people can easily find answers to online. Stuff like warranty, sound,picture quality. The last two are subjective so read online reviews. Warranties are what is usual for the country you purchase from. To the person who said the screen was faulty after 2 weeks, go talk to Amazon first. If you live in Argentina then read an Argentine review.
I got so many similar questions from people 14+ at last count I thought I put this out there. But now I keep getting questions that show people are just too lazy to just Google the answer. If you need something specific GOOGLE IT.
I bought mine (2 actually) from Amazon.co.uk. I use them in Europe on European SIM Cards. So the phone is SIM Free as I provide the SIM and so unlocked.
The Dual SIM is my other identical phone which has my really old UK SIM in one slot & an EU SIM in the other slot + there is also a third slot for an SD Card (up to 64Gb I believe).
I have chosen to manually say which number uses which SIM but it does have the automatic option.
When I say slot by the way it is a pull out try into which the three cards just sit. They are the micro size so a tad fiddly but you only need to do it once.
Bluetooth 4.2 but I gather Android Pie has some trouble with this but I use headphone socket anyway.
Additionally it is Android One Oreo 8.1 but both mine updated to Andoid One Pie 9.0 pretty quickly with no problems. If you want only Oreo make turning off updates your first action.
Battery Amazing. Return of Halcyon Nokia Days for me.
The only reason it got a 4 star for VFM is that how do I know what is VFM for anyone else. I wanted Android One/Amazing Battery Life/Dual SIM and to be future proof for as long as possible, if that last bit makes any sense. This phone is all of that. The tech reviews usually say this is the best in its price range.
My wife only has 70% vision even with glasses and she loves the screen, even doing her bible on it, so not a tech review but a practical guide.

Just about perfect!
4 November 2018
Great phone for under £200. Bought to replace a contract HTC10. Can honestly say it's as fast for less than half the price. Researched many 'budget' smartphones & this came out top. Don't know why it's described as Lite as it's up with the more expensive phones. Battery life is excellent, would definitely recommend if you're looking for a value for money SIM free phone. You won't find better for the money!
Hopefully I do not get a barrage of similar questions after this. If I do I will just refer them here.

Bang for your buck!
7 December 2018
An amazing phone, it's such a steal at this price! Especially comparing top brands which are £500+
The phone is quick and doesn't lag, the battery lasts a day with fuel left, it's just a solid phone that gets it done! Highly recommended!

Fine, with one exception.
9 April 2019
I purchased this phone for my wife and must say it is really good for her needs. I spent a lot of time setting it up as close to her previous one as possible to make the changeover simple for her, as she is not the most techie of people around. I should perhaps add that she would totally agree with that assessment. During the setup, I got to know the phone quite well and did notice that the battery does not last as long as her previous phone, though that may be down to my pretty intensive use at the time.
One thing I must point out is that it was supplied with a 2-pin EU type plug on the charger about which I did raise a complaint with Amazon customer service. The agent firstly offered me a replacement which I did not want after having spent so much time on setting it up, after which he offered me a 20% refund which I accepted. However, I then received a message from Amazon saying that they could not offer a partial refund and again offered me a return and total refund which I again said I did not want for reasons already stated. After quite a few email exchanges on the subject, they have stuck to their guns which, considering I have been a customer since 2002, I find most disappointing.
One final point, I rated the facial recognition as 3* but must point out that it may be brilliant, I didn't try to set it up and don't even know if the phone has that option.

Top marks
15 November 2018
Really pleased with this phone. it has good battery life, is responsive and accepts a 128Gb SD.

Amazing phone
12 July 2018
I'm not going to dive into why this phone is good because that's in the specs discription. It really is an amazing phone though. The camera is beautiful! I got this because my Razer phone was just terrible in the camera department. The sound on this is really loud! The boom box really works. Only bad thing is the screen can scratch fairly easily so make sure you get a screen protector!

Why this 5 star phone is worth your attention
10 November 2018
I needed to replace my old phone and I needed a phone that would take excellent photo's and video's as well all the other things that a modern top of the range smartphone can do.
I spent a couple of months researching suitable phones and settled on 3 contenders Pixel 2XL, iPhone XSMax and OnePlus 6T, then a couple of weeks ago I stumbled across a review of the LG G7, I started watching videos and reading reviews and finally ordered the phone off Amazon for around £400. The phone arrived yesterday and here are my first impressions:
The phone came with 50% charge and included an LG UK 3 pin fast charger which will take the phone from empty to full charge in 90 mins and to 50% full in around 30mins.
The phone is fast with a beautiful display.
I found the setup to be easy and quick.
Before I switched the phone on, I added my sim card and a 128GB memory card (also purchased from Amazon for about £20). The phone comes with 64GB so plenty of space, but as I will be taking lots of high res photos and 4K videos I wanted the extra storage. The LG G7 immediately recognised the extra memory and set up the phone to use it. Nice and simple :)
The phone has a rear fingerprint sensor, which was a bit weird at first, but only after a few minutes of use seems so much better than having one on the front.
Once set up, the next thing I did was to check out the cameras, the LG G7 has two cameras, normal and wide angle. Both cameras are excellent and the results very, very impressive.
You get incredible photos and videos from the Pixel 2 and 3 phones, but the LG G7 photo's and videos look very close in quality to me, and what I really like about the LG G7 is the flexibility of the extra wide angle lens, plus the manual controls over both still photography and when filming videos, it's really impressive.
Sound and Audio. I've been pleasantly surprised by the audio of this phone. It only has one small speaker mounted in the base of the phone, but it uses space in the phone as a kind of boom box, causing the whole phone to gently vibrate while you hold it (not an unpleasant experience LOL), but put the phone down on a table and the sound it produces gets deeper and richer, but if you use headphones then the phone has 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC for wired headphones and a Bluetooth 5.0 connection that supports AptX HD, and DTS:X Virtual Surround as well.
Now, one of the things a lot of the reviews I read/watched talked about is the battery life. I have to say I did notice this going down quite quickly, but while I would have prefered a longer lasting battery I'm happy to compromise on this and carry a small portable charger with me, and a bigger one (PISEN 10000mAh Portable Charger LED Display) when I'm out taking photos or filming videos.
TLDR: Overall my first impression is that the LG G7 is a fantastic phone that takes brilliant photos and videos with a range of modes from Auto AI Camera and fully Manual, has awesome audio, a brilliant display and is marred slightly by the battery life.

Best phone I ever had!
28 November 2018
Screen is large and bright, simply awesome. MUCH clearer than my Sony XZ Premium which seems to struggle with brightness.
Screen to body ratio must be in the high 95% or more.
Finally a phone that marries chinese single boom speaker design, with western uncovered charging socket! (chinese phones always have some kind of rubber plg/cap to keep the phone water resistant, where-as western phones dont)(chinese phones often come with a single booming speaker).
I only buy phones with a 3.5mm headphone socket ... this HAS ONE! ... I hate the cheap ass phones that can't be bothered to include a watertight 3.5 ... not even a rubber capped 3.5 ... any phone without a 3.5mm screams cheap ass.
Words cannot describe how good this phone feels to own. Gaming is a joy (with customisable gaming speed, rendering, resoultuion, frames per second), sound is loud, screen is bright, AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.
The screen is IPS ... AWESOME ... no need to worry about pixel burn like an oled.
Disadvantage:
massive screen leads to poor battery life ... we talking 5-6 hours of gaming max, video is better at around 9-10 hours.
The ability to charge the phone AND have a headset plugged in ... this is the GREATEST advantage a phone has these days .. especially if you fly. No bluetooth headsets in aeroplane mode. Planes have usb power outlets + wifi. You can Netflix/game with a phone that can charge and have a earphone (so you can hear) ... I guess some people dont fly or just do domestic.

Excellent all rounder.
8 April 2019
Slick sleek phone. Performs flawlessly for any task. Battery is amazing, gets me two days average use but when you aren't using it the standby is forever. Literally drops about 1% every two hours when left alone. Screen isn't scratch proof tho, found that I had to have a protector on straight away.

Solid and reliable - the best basic Kindle to date.
15 April 2019
The back story
It has been nearly a year since my Kindle saga started. Around this time last year, I started toying with the idea of replacing my beloved 3rd generation Kindle Keyboard, which is often mistaken for the first-ever Kindle. It wasn’t the first (or even the second) Kindle but it was a huge success. For the last 8 years, it has served me well. It has been thrown around, visited multiple countries, sandy beaches, and stayed solid through my reading journey. Until recently.
When my reading pace increased significantly last year (as a result of starting my blog), it was initially the lack of a backlight I found frustrating. And then, more recently, the battery started failing and it often crashed. Combined with a lack of space for physical books, I decided to do some research. After a quick glance on Amazon, I noticed that they were releasing a new Kindle, and now here I am.
But let’s get on with the review!
What I love about it

The colour
Someone in her infinite wisdom (that’ll be me) decided to go for the white model with a white cover (featured below). As much as it shows up every speck of dust and fluff, I still love it and I feel that it interferes less with my reading than the black models.

The screen resolution
Despite being only 167 ppi, it does a wonderful job of this detailed cover of Barbara Henderson‘s Fir for Luck (one of my first new downloads). I don’t think the attached photo does it justice but the text is crisp and clear with no ghosting. The backlight is very powerful and I can’t foresee a scenario where I’d need it any brighter than the maximum (not shown).

The feel and features
It is also very compact without being too small and light but sturdy. Although it is not a new function, I’m enjoying having the ‘Time left in chapter/book’ options as well as the percentage, which the Kindle Keyboard does not have (only the percentage). I am a ‘chapter reader’ which means that I absolutely have to finish a chapter before I put the book down.

What I don’t love about it

The screen
The screen, in all honesty, is not entirely free of glare. At home, I read with my back to a window, and on a particularly sunny day I found myself having to adjust my position to stop the light bouncing off the screen. It wasn’t bad enough to make me not recommend it, but I can’t deny it is there.

The passcode function
I decided to enable the passcode function for extra security, partly to deter nosy people (it’s rude to look through people’s Kindle libraries you know!) and partly just in case I lost it and someone decided it would be fun to download lots of books. The deviants.
The passcode function is slow. Or at least it seems slow. I’m so used to chucking my thumb on my phone and it responding in less than a second, the fact that it takes me 8-10 seconds to open my Kindle seems like an eternity. But this is very much a first world problem.

The lack of page turn buttons
I did not see this coming, but I really miss the physical page turn buttons. I initially found it a bit distracting that I had to keep moving my thumb to go to the next page, when my old Kindle had page turn buttons on both sides so I didn’t have to adjust my grip.
Having said that, the only Kindle currently available with page turn buttons is the Oasis, and there’s not enough novel functionality on that model to warrant me paying the considerably higher price.

In conclusion…
I love my new Kindle. I sometimes just pick it up and look at it and feel it just because I can. I honestly think my reading speed has increased as I’m able to tailor the font, font size, spacing and margins to my own preferences.
This model meets all my needs. I have seen the better models and I honestly can’t tell the difference in the screen resolution, and as I mentioned previously, I’m not about to fork out for the Oasis model for the sake of a couple of buttons.
I reluctantly give this four stars as it's not perfect but if I could give it 4.5 stars I absolutely would.
If you’re considering buying your first Kindle or upgrading to a newer model, definitely consider the All-New Kindle.


In my opinion, the Best Value of Any Kindle
15 April 2019
It comes with a new and much wanted feature…Lights! Yes, 4 led’s provide an even back light that although not quite as bright as the Amazon Kindle Paperwhite, it is more than adequate to ensure a comfortable reading experience in those twilight hours.
This black or white version arrives in a wi-fi model only and has a pixel density of 167 PPI compared to the 300 PPI on the Paperwhite, this again doesn’t really feel like a compromise, the video the comparison between the All-New Kindle 2019 and the Paperwhite.
Amazon have stripped out somethings that many users may not use like 4G and 8 or 32GB Capacity and instead are offering a slimmed down Wi-Fi only 4GB version that will more than enough for most users.
The other benefit to a less stocked version comes in size and weight which again adds to the comfort in reading for long periods.
Features still present include the ability to use Amazon’s Audiable service and wirelessly listen to books via Bluetooth speakers or headphones.
You also still get the 6 inch Anti-glare screen and up to weeks not days of battery life. Check out the video review for more direct comparisons.

Great new addition to Kindle family
15 April 2019
I bought this for my mum, whose eyesight is really quite poor now. She's always been a keen reader and has been struggling of late. I've used a Kindle Paperwhite myself for a number of years and was going to buy another of those, when I saw that there was a new Kindle coming to market. Having compared the 2, I chose the new one- not simply on cost, but it had all of the functionality that would be needed (front light, ability to increase font size etc). Without exaggeration, this has made such a positive impact on her. We set 'print' to font size 8 and, coupled with the front light, she was reading again for the first time in months. I'd always recommend a Kindle anyway, but for a relative with failing eyesight, it really was a god-send.

The basic Kindle isn't so basic anymore - highly recommended
15 April 2019
This new "basic" Kindle is actually not so basic anymore. A significant upgrade is that it now has a built in front light thanks to the inclusion of 4 LEDs which provide a nice even light across the screen - much better than the first front-lit screens that Amazon produced on the original Paperwhite. The current Paperwhite has 5 LEDs but to be honest, I don't think you will notice the difference. (I didn't!). The screen is 157dpi (dots per inch) which you might think sounds a lot less than the 300dpi on the Paperwhite and the Oasis. However, for reading text, you are unlikely to be able to notice the difference unless you put the different devices next to each other. The new "Carta" e-ink screen is excellent, and the resolution is absolutely fine. The reading experience is very good indeed. This new "basic" Kindle is slightly smaller than the Paperwhite (and lots smaller than the new Oasis). It feels great in the hand, it's light and comfortable to hold for extended periods of reading. I actually prefer the feel of it to my Paperwhite. It just feels "right". You can also download Audible books and connect bluetooth headphones although the battery will run down quite fast if you choose to listen to audio books. The storage space isn't as great as for the other models, but I've only ever got one audio book on the go at anytime, so this is fine for me, and I suspect, for most people. Battery life is fine. Even if you are an avid reader (I am) you won't need to charge it every day. However, you will probably need to charge it more often than Amazon suggest in their description. It isn't a problem because it charges to full in just a couple of hours. Unless you want the waterproofing of the other models, I'd say this should now be the first choice of Kindle for most people. It's an excellent e-reader at a very reasonable price. If you love reading, get this, you won't be disappointed.

This projector replaced a very nice Epson 1080P projector and I have to say this thing is amazing! Even with 1080P Bluray content, the picture is unreal. No motion or color artifacts. No stuck pixels or hot spots. I was a bit concerned about the brightness level as the Epson is replaced was rated at 2400 Lumens. However, these things must be rated differently because I honestly can't tell any brightness difference. This is paired in my home theater with Sony 4K UHD player and on some native 4K discs it will blow you away. IR inputs on front and back and it seems to work no matter where you point the remote. Absolutely no cons that I can think of. If you want a good projector, I would definitely consider this one.